KRISTAL: Kristal Wick here with Artbeads Café,
where we have caffeine, beads, Cynthia, Kristal.
That's a good time, if I may say so myself.
Cynthia, we are having some fun now.
This little invention here, you guys, I can't
even wait for her to start talking about it,
because I want one in every color, please.
Thank you very much.
Oh my gosh, dive in.
Fill me in.
Tell us everything.
CYNTHIA: Yeah.
I've been seeing this type of bracelet a lot,
and I thought it's been awhile, I wanted to
try that.
I finally did, and they're so easy to make.
KRISTAL: Seriously?
Because I do not think so.
CYNTHIA: They are.
KRISTAL: I haven't tried them.
Okay, I believe you.
Okay, I'll believe you.
CYNTHIA: So the only thing that you need is
a piece of leather.
On this little one with a button, I just chose
a round leather.
On this one, I chose a Regaliz 5 millimeters,
and then a knotting cord, and of course the
cupchain, Swarovski.
KRISTAL: Our favorite Swarovski cupchain.
Beautiful.
And that's all you need?
CYNTHIA: That's all you need.
KRISTAL: Oh, this is good.
CYNTHIA: And you just wrap and wrap and wrap.
I chose this contrasting color because it's
really fun to make different colors with it.
KRISTAL: Sure.
CYNTHIA: On this one, I thought the Regaliz
10 millimeters was really nice.
It already has some colors on the side.
KRISTAL: That's an interesting thing to point
out.
The leather is the brown cord, the normal
color leather, and then the edges are just
a touch of color, but that's actually what
you see on your bracelet.
CYNTHIA: Yes.
Because I wanted to leave this color there,
I chose a very brown color for the cord, which
matched the inside of the leather.
KRISTAL: Got it.
CYNTHIA: And in that case, I use a bigger
size cupchain.
KRISTAL: Wow.
CYNTHIA: Like I said, they're very easy to
make, and you can go on our Learning Center
page.
There is a step-by-step Handy Tip how to make
those.
KRISTAL: Oh, that's great, because everybody
wants to know exactly how you made it.
Oh, this is so fun.
CYNTHIA: And like you said, in every single
color.
KRISTAL: One every color, please.
These would also make really great Christmas
presents, I bet.
CYNTHIA: Yes.
KRISTAL: Thanks for sharing, Cynthia.
CYNTHIA: You're welcome.
KRISTAL: These are great.
KRISTAL: Cynthia, it's time for Kristal Wick's
Picks, where I get to share with you -- and
you -- some of my favorite things.
Because we're talking about holidays and time
to get ready for the holidays, nothing in
my book is better than hotfix.
Swarovski hotfix for the holidays.
Oh my goodness.
Anything fabric, it secures itself to that
and it's there forever and it's wonderful.
You can even wash these things.
Hotfix is the best thing for that.
You use your little tool, you have all these
great shapes; your hotfix tool to make sure
that the glue melts into the fabric, and then
voila!
Here's a few things that I have to share.
Stockings, oh my goodness.
Love the stockings.
You have to have them for your pets, of course,
as well as humans.
So here, this is for the cat lovers out there.
You have to have a stocking for your cats
or your dogs, and this guy, this stocking
was about $1.50.
Very inexpensive.
The blank stockings are very inexpensive.
Then you embellish with your hotfix.
So I used some beautiful marquise hotfix stones
here.
Now, the crystals that are marquise shaped,
they have a really different kind of reflection
on them, and they give a very classy, elegant
feel to it.
So I wanted to use that on some of the stockings
as well as the cute little hearts.
This guy here, this was a dollar.
I know, hard to believe.
And I used our Kanzashi templates and made
Kanzashi flowers.
CYNTHIA: This is such a great idea.
KRISTAL: Isn't it cute?
And you could do any colors.
I did the traditional holiday colors, but
of course, you could do a theme.
If you've got -- maybe your husband's a fisherman,
you could use fish fabrics and make his stocking
with Kanzashi.
There's all kinds of fun things you can do.
And then again, embellished.
Anywhere there's fabric, you can use hotfix,
which is really fun.
Here are some really pretty, lovely different
shapes, and as you can see, I used this bar
shape here on the stocking to give it a different
kind of look as opposed to just round.
This guy, oh my goodness, this is one of my
favorites.
This is Sparkle, my dog's, coat.
She loves plaid.
So she has a little plaid coat with a little
hoodie here.
Yeah, because she gets cold.
And then I did some hotfix on the "Woof."
So you can always spell out names or initials.
It's really fun.
And of course, this is what makes it stand
out, is the hotfix.
You can do that on anything: on little ornaments,
especially for little kids, you can use really
cute little hotfix for their initials or for
their name.
That's really cute.
They love their name on anything.
I could go on and on forever, like I said.
Love affair with the hotfix.
But I just wanted to share some lovely Christmas
ideas and holiday things.
KRISTAL: Cynthia, it's time for our Q&A, and
we have Shirley in Texas.
She asked, "How do you set rivolis?"
CYNTHIA: That's a great question, because
a lot of people use rivolis with seed beading.
KRISTAL: Right.
CYNTHIA: They do a bezel with seed beads.
KRISTAL: And it's very common with seed bead
and rivolis, they go together.
But everyone else loves looking and drooling
over rivolis, including myself?
What do you do with them?
What else can you do?
CYNTHIA: We have this great component where
the only thing you do is glue the rivoli inside.
KRISTAL: Sweet.
I like that.
CYNTHIA: It is that easy.
We have like here, you have this beautiful
little ring, and you just glue the rivoli
inside.
KRISTAL: It's hard to believe it's glue and
go.
CYNTHIA: Exactly, exactly.
KRISTAL: I love it.
CYNTHIA: You use the 12 millimeters size rivoli.
Then we have this great little chandelier,
and I made a pair of earrings out of them.
KRISTAL: Those are so sweet.
Yes, and easy to do.
We love TierraCast, of course, and so they
come in all these different finishes.
Right.
CYNTHIA: Then you've got some links also,
you have the little charm pendant.
All of these are so easy to use, and there
is so many things that you can do with them.
Like I made this necklace here.
The rivolis come in different sizes, so you
have to make sure to use the right size.
KRISTAL: Good to know, yeah.
The tip would be set up your rivoli with your
component and bezel, so make sure they're
the same sizes.
CYNTHIA: And then Kabela also have some great
components.
KRISTAL: Oh, I love Kabela.
CYNTHIA: Yes, where you just put the rivoli
inside.
Something to know, that is a rivoli have a
pointy back, so when you choose a setting,
make sure that there is a little curve inside.
KRISTAL: Good to know.
So the setting inside has to be concave for
that pointy back to fit into.
CYNTHIA: Exactly.
KRISTAL: That's important.
CYNTHIA: So like those two filigree.
I was able to do that, yes.
KRISTAL: Perfect.
Those are great ideas.
Oh, I love this.
CYNTHIA: They're so colorful, so easy to play
with.
KRISTAL: Yeah, and it looks like it would
be perfect for beginners, like somebody who
hasn't made a single piece of jewelry ever
in their life, they could just dive into this
and have a good time.
CYNTHIA: Exactly.
KRISTAL: Nice.
Well thanks, Cynthia, for sharing rivoli delights.
And thanks everybody for joining us here at
Artbeads Cafe, where we have all things blingy
and beadalicious.
If you have any questions, please let us know
at Artbeads.com.
Otherwise, happy beading!